You knew my grandfather?
He's been missing for a few years
Where is he now?
I don't know. We're also looking for Bai Yinchuan.
His disappearance cleared up many people and many things
What happened to your grandfather?
We are checking
It's time I left.
I'll let you know if there's any progress with your grandpa.
Don't worry.
I won't tell anyone what happened last night
Crazy, what can you do if you say it out?
Because I have my eye on you.
You hugged me all night last night
Hey, what's the matter with Master Wei?
Geng Chen is happy enough, come back quickly
The 7th is coming soon
We're running out of time.
I can't find you.
Just before you met me
Please hurry up and let's go to Zhou Jianzhong's place to combine
We have to pry open Zhou Jianzhong's mouth quickly
Let him tell the secret
So that the right medicine can be prescribed
Maybe there's news of your grandpa, I'll go first